README.md, before:

NucleusFramework for Spigot 1.8
==================

A plugin framework and rapid development library for Bukkit/Spigot. Developed concurrently with the Tales of Arboria server allowing the framework to solve real world development and administrative problems.

Currently under development, expect breaking changes.

Compatible with Spigot 1.8.8

_Coders like versatility. Server operators like stability. Users like usability._

## Goals
 * Provide a centralized framework for common plugin utilities and services.
 * Reduce the amount of redundant code in plugins.
 * Speed up plugin development by abstracting common plugin features.
 * Create a user command interface that has commonality that users can learn to recognize.
 * Reduce server operator work by centralizing features that are used across plugins.

## Documentation
 * [Wiki](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusFramework/wiki)
 * [Doxygen](http://jcthepants.github.io/NucleusFramework/annotated.html)

## Resources
 * [NucleusLocalizer](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusLocalizer) - A console program used to generate language localization resource files for Nucleus based plugins.
 * [ResourcePackerMC](https://github.com/JCThePants/ResourcePackerMC) - A console program that aids in generating resource packs. Also generates resource-sounds.yml file used by NucleusFramework to define resource pack sounds.
 * [Scripting examples](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusScriptExamples) - Examples of cross plugin scripts using NucleusFramework.
 * [NpcTraitPack](https://github.com/JCThePants/NpcTraitPack) - A collection of NPC traits that can be used with a NucleusFramework NPC provider.

## Plugins using NucleusFramework
 * [PV-Star](https://github.com/JCThePants/PV-Star) - Extensible arena framework.
 * [TPRegions](https://github.com/JCThePants/TPRegions) - Portal and region teleport.
 * [PhantomPackets](https://github.com/JCThePants/PhantomPackets) - Sets viewable regions and entities to specific players.
 * [ArborianQuests](https://github.com/JCThePants/ArborianQuests) - Quest scripting plugin.
 * [RentalRooms](https://github.com/JCThePants/RentalRooms) - Rented regions that allow the tenant to only modify the interior of the house/room.
 * [RemoteConsole](https://github.com/JCThePants/RemoteConsole) - A remote console for Bukkit/Spigot servers.

## Providers
 * [CitizensNPCProvider](https://github.com/JCThePants/CitizensNpcProvider) - NPC Provider using [Citizens2](https://github.com/CitizensDev/Citizens2/) as its core.
 * [MySqlProvider](https://github.com/JCThePants/MySqlProvider) - MySql database provider.

## Plugin dependencies
 * [WorldEdit](https://github.com/sk89q/WorldEdit) - soft dependency, not required
 * [Vault](https://github.com/MilkBowl/Vault) - soft dependency, not required

## Build dependencies
See the [gradle script](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusFramework/blob/master/build.gradle) for build dependencies.

## Maven repository
You can include the latest NucleusFramework snapshot as a Maven dependency with the following:

    <repositories>
        <repository>
            <id>jcthepants-repo</id>
            <url>https://github.com/JCThePants/mvn-repo/raw/master</url>
        </repository>
    </repositories>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.jcwhatever.bukkit</groupId>
            <artifactId>NucleusFramework</artifactId>
            <version>0.6-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>

Commit message:

Initial update to 1.9
Added additional materials and entities.

Update NMS handlers. Sounds are updated, but not fully working yet until the new sound system can be fully understood.

Fix JSON handling to generate valid JSON.

Update Readme

Increment version.

README.md, after:

NucleusFramework for Spigot 1.9
==================

A plugin framework and rapid development library for Bukkit/Spigot.

Currently not in active development. Do not use if you expect timely updates and bug fixes. May be discontinued
after Minecraft 1.9

Compatible with Spigot 1.9

## Known Issues
The framework is in the process of being updated for Spigot 1.9. The process is not complete and these are the known issues.
 * Views do not work properly due to what seems to be double fired events from Spigot/Minecraft. This may be fixed as Spigot is updated with new patches.
 * Due to changes in Minecraft sounds, the sounds are not fully working yet.

## Goals
 * Provide a centralized framework for common plugin utilities and services.
 * Reduce the amount of redundant code in plugins.
 * Speed up plugin development by abstracting common plugin features.
 * Create a user command interface that has commonality that users can learn to recognize.
 * Reduce server operator work by centralizing features that are used across plugins.

## Documentation
 * [Wiki](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusFramework/wiki)
 * [Doxygen](http://jcthepants.github.io/NucleusFramework/annotated.html)

## Resources
 * [NucleusLocalizer](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusLocalizer) - A console program used to generate language localization resource files for Nucleus based plugins.
 * [ResourcePackerMC](https://github.com/JCThePants/ResourcePackerMC) - A console program that aids in generating resource packs. Also generates resource-sounds.yml file used by NucleusFramework to define resource pack sounds.
 * [Scripting examples](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusScriptExamples) - Examples of cross plugin scripts using NucleusFramework.
 * [NpcTraitPack](https://github.com/JCThePants/NpcTraitPack) - A collection of NPC traits that can be used with a NucleusFramework NPC provider.

## Plugins using NucleusFramework
 * [PV-Star](https://github.com/JCThePants/PV-Star) - Extensible arena framework.
 * [TPRegions](https://github.com/JCThePants/TPRegions) - Portal and region teleport.
 * [PhantomPackets](https://github.com/JCThePants/PhantomPackets) - Sets viewable regions and entities to specific players.
 * [ArborianQuests](https://github.com/JCThePants/ArborianQuests) - Quest scripting plugin.
 * [RentalRooms](https://github.com/JCThePants/RentalRooms) - Rented regions that allow the tenant to only modify the interior of the house/room.
 * [RemoteConsole](https://github.com/JCThePants/RemoteConsole) - A remote console for Bukkit/Spigot servers.

## Providers
 * [CitizensNPCProvider](https://github.com/JCThePants/CitizensNpcProvider) - NPC Provider using [Citizens2](https://github.com/CitizensDev/Citizens2/) as its core.
 * [MySqlProvider](https://github.com/JCThePants/MySqlProvider) - MySql database provider.

## Plugin dependencies
 * [WorldEdit](https://github.com/sk89q/WorldEdit) - soft dependency, not required
 * [Vault](https://github.com/MilkBowl/Vault) - soft dependency, not required

## Build dependencies
See the [gradle script](https://github.com/JCThePants/NucleusFramework/blob/master/build.gradle) for build dependencies.

## Maven repository
You can include the latest NucleusFramework snapshot as a Maven dependency with the following:

    <repositories>
        <repository>
            <id>jcthepants-repo</id>
            <url>https://github.com/JCThePants/mvn-repo/raw/master</url>
        </repository>
    </repositories>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.jcwhatever.bukkit</groupId>
            <artifactId>NucleusFramework</artifactId>
            <version>0.6-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
